[SWISH]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're with Randy Cramer,
who claims to have participated
in a secret space program
called The Earth Defense Force.
Randy, welcome to the show.
>> Thanks for having me, Emery.
Glad to be here.
>> Since you were last here, you
became aware of more advanced
technology and craft.
How did you come about this?
What was your intel from this?
>> Most of that is from
my tour of service,
and I just have chosen at
different points to discuss
certain things at certain times
and to not overfill people with
too much information about
other parts of my career,
other aspects of technology or
craft that I have worked with.
But these are things that
I've experienced personally
pretty much.
>> So you didn't get
it from a source.
It was just something that
you were involved with?
>> Yeah.
These are things that
I have experienced,
flown in these craft,
used this technology.
It's just we have
not focused on having
these conversations about that
aspect of my career because
of certain choices around
compartmentalization
and whether it was appropriate
to discuss those things or not.
>> What can you tell us about
some of the better weaponry
that you've been involved with?
>> Some of the most advanced
technology that I've worked
with, the advances are
often in targeting.
So you have targeting systems
which can find targets
around corners, through
solid objects, where
it's less of the old school way,
which is using even advanced
sighting, using your
eyeball to sight
and then fire in
a straight line,
where there's a computer
system that tracks targets,
locks on to moving targets.
And so you can kind of hold
your hand way out here and pull
the trigger, and the
projectiles will find their way
to the target, or the
weapon will automatically
target at the target
that you're firing at.
Or in some cases, small
explosive projectiles
that can be programmed to
explode in front of the target
or behind the target.
So in some cases,
you have species
or different military
opponents that
are very focused on front
armor or front shielding.
So if you blow up something,
you know, 12 inches
behind its head, it's
a lot more effective
than trying to blow it
up in front of its face.
>> Yeah.
What I found interesting
is they've recently
come out within the last year
or two, some of the scientists
in these TED Talks,
and they're talking
about the exact
technology that we
were used to back in the day in
our compartmentalized projects
where they're measuring the
photons through the cameras.
So you can be entering this
building, OK, and that camera's
going to, number one, lay out
the whole building for you,
because the photons are
reflecting back information.
Is that correct?
>> Yes, absolutely.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, you can get
biological information,
genetic information.
If you actually have the genetic
marker for a specific target
in a crowd, you can use
the targeting system
to find the genetic target
that you're looking for.
So if you're looking
for a bunch of-- looking
for a specific target in a
group of a similar species
that you can't
physically identify,
the targeting
system will tell you
which biological target
has the genetic marker.
>> I was also exposed
to these things--
they call them smart bullets.
And I know you probably
know what that is.
How does that track,
and how does it
maneuver through the
building to get its target?
>> It's essentially
like a little, teeny,
mini rocket missile that can--
has a little gimbal
in the back so that it
can direct its direction.
So it can go around
corners, up staircases,
have a certain number of--
a certain number of seconds that
it has controlled flight with,
so you have so many seconds
or so many hundreds of feet--
>> That's what they said.
It was based on a distance
because of the propellant
or whatever it's using.
But I don't know the actual
technical term for that,
but I have seen it
used in the projects.
And I was always
wondering how it
was able to go around a turn,
because it's not going 3,000
feet per second like a 223.
It's doing a little bit
more of a maneuvering.
But it then picks
up speed at the end
when it hits the target.
>> Yes.
And-- yeah.
In the last approach
to the target,
it accelerates so it hits
the target even harder.
>> Are those also--
have explosives in them?
>> Yes.
Yeah.
They come in a
variety of functions.
There is a
armor-piercing hard point
that's just a solid
piece of metal
with a propellant behind it.
But you also have
phosphorous rounds
and you have explosive rounds.
And then there's-- basically you
have a little payload system,
and just about anything that
you could think could be used
as a payload in a
combat situation,
you could outfit one
of these rounds for.
But mostly it's
either you've got
a plain, a hard-tipped
round, phosphorous round,
and an exploding round.
>> And one of the newest
ones I was debriefed on is
a low-velocity one that they
said can inoculate someone with
something.
Is that-- do you
know about this?
What is that about?
>> Well, again, as I was
saying, the payload is variable,
and so the technology is not
that difficult to vary to--
yeah, something that you
could have a biological or--
>> But you wouldn't even feel
it, because it's so small.
Like, a needle weapon, that it
just comes in and then releases
something, and actually
stays implanted in you
after it inoculates you.
>> Yeah.
So what I've seen
there is essentially--
and you've got this projectile.
On the tip of the projectile
is where you have a--
it's like a little
teeny needle point
with a little teeny
amount of whatever
the concentrated amount
of whatever you're trying
to inoculate someone with.
So it hits them, and
then the projectile
bounces off or falls off, and
it leaves the needle stuck
in the person, and
it puts whatever
biological or chemical
agent that you're
trying to inject into them.
>> Tell us about some of the
weaponry on the craft and some
of the handheld weaponry
that's kind of new that you
haven't divulged yet.
>> Well, again, we were talking
about these programmable
directed projectiles.
That's probably about one
of the most advanced things
that we've got.
We do also have a newer energy
weapon-- when I say newer,
it's been around for
a couple of decades,
but it's probably
getting more broad use
in some of these
special forces programs,
within covert military
space program activity.
But it's a directed
energy weapon
based on an ultraviolet
frequency that
shoots right through walls
without leaving holes in it.
So you could hit someone
on the other side of a wall
without puncturing a hole
through drywall, wood,
or brick.
But the frequency
is ultraviolet.
It passes through the
molecules in the solid object
and hits the person on the
other side with a damaging beam,
which does internal damage
to their internal organs,
to their bloodstream, and
can cause internal bleeding.
>> Wow.
Since it's UV and
photonic, I would
have to ask, could
also be programmed
to have a disease or a virus or
some sort of biological aspect
to it
>> I think it's a new enough
technology that we're still
figuring out just what you can
send along that delivery system
frequency.
So I've heard people talk
things like giving people
cancer or making them
susceptible to organ
failure, brain
hemorrhages, a lot
of things that can look
like they're more natural
causes instead of,
like, someone's
being attacked by
an external weapon,
because it damages the body
internally in such a way
that a medical exam
would just make--
you think someone had a sudden
organ failure or a hemorrhage
or something like that that
caused the death of the person.
>> Right.
What about these new
suits and uniforms
that they're developing?
I've been getting a
lot of intel on this.
What can you inform
us about that?
>> Well, the most advanced
battle suit that I've ever used
was pretty incredibly
sophisticated.
So you essentially have a--
the older hydraulics, you know,
you have bars, hydraulics,
levers, things on them
that you can recognize.
>> Like an
exoskeleton-type thing.
>> Yeah, as being
mechanical assisted.
The newer ones, you're
essentially sticking your body
into a form-fitting
suit that looks like--
I mean, for all--
for lack of a better
word, looks like
you're putting on the
body of a larger person.
So you can see muscle definition
because the suit itself
is actually built like muscle.
So instead of having
hydraulics, it's
built with nanofibers that
are built into muscle shapes
so that you're
actually in a suit that
is a nanofiber, muscular version
of a slightly bigger version
of yourself that you slip into.
So yeah, those are amazing.
You get an incredible
amount of dexterity,
agility, and even more
magnified strength
than you do with a couple
of single hydraulic systems
on the arms, because you've got
hundreds of smaller nanofibers.
You've got more
mechanical advantage
pulling in each muscle area,
in each part of the suit.
So you get-- again, like I
said, way more accurate, agile,
dexterous, and strength
addition in those suits.
>> I've seen a lot of
the suits in my lifetime,
and actually tested
a lot of them.
And I've noticed when they
try to over-engineer it
with mechanics, it
doesn't work so well.
But when they started using
nature and using the body's
own somatotype to
fit the person,
it's like it just
works so much better.
>> Yeah, basically, you don't
make a glove shaped like not
a hand, you know?
You don't make a
weird, boxy glove
and go, here, wear this glove
and then do a bunch of stuff
with it, because it
doesn't fit your hand.
So it turns out that when
you make something more
like a human body
so that it fits
over the human
body like a glove,
you get a more smooth action
between the physical body
and the augmentation device.
>> Could you share with us any
of the materials used in these
fibers, in these suits?
>> My understanding is they're
using the super advanced alloys
and nanocarbon fibers, things
which are more flexible
and stronger than your
actual muscles are,
what most industrial
materials look like.
But not being a
chemistry guy, I don't
know that I could
explain much more
about how they work
other than that they're
carbon fiber-based and these
sort of super alloy-based.
So some cases, you
have a metal fiber
that is sort of based on
spider web technology.
So a spider web has the tensile
strength of multiple times
steel, and yet you still have
the flexibility of a string
or a cord of some type.
So my understanding is this is--
a lot of it is
understanding the way
in which spider web
filaments are made
and how to make larger fibers
out of a similar substance
so that you get, again, this
incredible tensile strength
and incredible flexibility that
is beyond anything that we're
seeing in the industry
at the moment.
>> I was shown some of
this material recently.
Maybe you can explain to me--
because it actually
can stop the bullet,
and the person actually doesn't
get the damage on the inside,
so they don't have to wear
another foam vest under that.
How is that happening?
How is that velocity
transferring into the suit?
>> Well, there's an external
part and an internal part.
And the external part,
again, is these nanofibers.
And again, it has something
to do with the fact
that there's a lot of them
woven together so that you have
a surface area of the many,
many fibers that are absorbing
the shock and the
impact, and also creating
a slightly uneven surface.
So they tend to bounce or
zing off instead of getting--
penetrating direct.
And the under layer
is a gel that's
maybe just a few
millimeters thick.
But that gel layer
essentially, again,
takes just about any
amount of shock--
>> Disperses it.
>> --just disperses
it through the gel.
So if I get hit in the
arm here, the force
that doesn't get absorbed by the
nanofibers that penetrates down
to the under layer
hits that gel.
And then it ripples
down, up and down the arm
and distributes through
the gel in the suit
so that you don't
end up with high PSI
in a single point of contact.
And it spreads it
out so you feel it,
but you don't get
punctured by it
or get a broken bone from it.
>> Right.
>> So you can literally stand
point blank at a machine gun,
and bullets will
just bounce off.
>> Yeah, that's what I saw.
What about the lifesaving
components of it?
Does it have anything
to administer
atropine or
lifesaving medicines?
>> So there's the
auto tourniquets,
which are at the joints.
So anything that
senses that you've
had a major damage in
a limb will tighten up
the auto tourniquet.
So basically, it's
already a loop
around that joint that's loose,
and then it tightens it up--
[WHOOSH] --right away so
that it cuts off the blood
flow so you don't bleed out.
And then most of the
time, the medical pack,
it's in the left leg.
And they can put a
series of little vials
into that injector.
And again, the
system automatically
detects different things that
are happening biologically
in the body.
And based on certain
medical protocols,
it decides what it's going
to inject into the system,
whether it's a pain
medicine or a coagulant
or something to stop shock
from happening if you've
lost a limb, or more
medical stuff that's not
my forte that's probably yours.
But yeah, it's usually right
there in the left thigh.
>> Are these suits powered
by any type of energy,
or is it using the
energy of the body?
>> They do have an
external power source,
but they're using
something super advanced,
some kind of ridiculously
advanced zero-point technology.
As a point of comparison, the
first battle suit that I ever
put on was a little clunky.
The power source was
probably about the size
of a car battery that was in
a pack that was on the back.
And it was pretty heavy
too, but because the suit's
hydraulically powered,
you didn't really notice.
But it was still about
the size of a car battery.
Way more output
than a car battery,
but it was still about that big.
For these more advanced
suits, the power source
is less than three inches by
three inches and less than half
an inch thick.
It's tiny.
It's like the size of
a little hard drive.
But it's providing way more
power for way many more hours,
and so it's something
super advanced.
>> Are there helmets associated
with the suit that connect
to the suit, or is it
just a separate piece?
>> In the older suits, the
helmet was a separate piece.
In the newer suits,
you literally
have an opening in the back of
the suit that you crawl into.
That includes the
headpiece, which
is uni-- which is already
sealed into the suit, the arms.
And then someone basically has
to seal you up and zip you up
from the back.
>> Randy, we talked about these
amazing suits that you've been
involved with and trained
with, and I'm aware of some
of the consciousness-assisted
technology that some of these
suits have had.
Have you seen this?
And is it a bad thing or is
it safe, is what I'm saying,
for the soldier?
>> So we have the ability
to have a cerebral interface
in a ship so that I could sit
with my hands here and control
all the functions of the ship
with the cerebral interface.
But because the cerebral
interface is still
a little hackable by
beings who have advanced
psionic abilities,
it's not deemed as safe
as something that has a
digital interface where
your fingers, your digits are
interacting with it instead
of the cerebral interface.
So we have them and
we use them, but it's
usually for optics
and sensor information
and not for control
dynamics, because that's
a little hackable
and we're not feeling
too comfortable about
putting a technology
like that in our
vehicles where someone
could take over, an
air wing of fighters
and turn them against us.
We don't like that idea.
>> Yeah, that was
my next question.
You've been in combat
with multiple races,
and some of those races
have psionic abilities
that can control yourself.
And if it can control
yourself, that
means it can control
your suit, right?
>> Right.
So we have defensive
protocols for that.
There are layering of
shielding that's, again,
sort of these advanced materials
that is able to reflect away
those psionic waves
in the same way
that an internal
layer of gold foil
will bounce back most radiation.
If you have a material that's
reflective of psionic waves,
that makes you--
the technology you're
using, the ship you're in,
and your own brain less
susceptible to some type
of psionic hacking.
>> Randy, how long do you think
it's going to take for this
to get to our--
our people on the front line?
The firefighters, the
police, the military.
I mean, the regular
military, I'll say.
What's your take on that?
>> I think that the minute
we have a life-pressing need
for that technology-- let's just
say, hypothetically speaking,
that we had a hostile
force from elsewhere,
from outside our
terrestrial system.
Then we might have an immediate
need for such technology.
And under those
circumstances, I would
suggest that that's
when we would
see the introduction of
some of what I consider
to be the older, clunkier,
antique-y technology compared
to the newer, fancier stuff.
But it's going to seem really
new and fancy to everybody
who's never seen it before.
But we're going to see that
older technology introduced
first as the new
technology before we
see any of the way more--
the really advanced stuff,
I don't think we're going
to see that in the military
for, hmm, a decade or more.
Maybe two.
Let me put it this way.
Planned obsolescence
means they've
got a lot of other models that
they can go through and make
functional before
they're going to need
to get to that level of
functionality and high-tech
amazingness.
>> Right.
I agree with that.
Can you divulge the
corporations involved
that are designing
this equipment?
If I did, I would be concerned
about unhealthy blowback
that I don't need or want.
So I'm not forbidden
from doing so,
but I also don't need
to make enemies where
I don't need to make enemies.
>> Of course.
>> Let me just suggest
without naming names that most
of the companies that do this
work are already aerospace
defense contracting companies
that are already making other
military hardware and just
have other divisions that
they've created, or they're
parent companies of other
companies that they have made
to work on these developing
technologies.
I have also
indicated that we now
have private space industry that
is developing private rocket
technology for civilian use.
I've also suggested that
some of those companies
have military contracts.
And having military contracts
gives them an opportunity
to develop more sophisticated,
classified military technology
that's not rockets.
So it's the same
companies that are
building everything else
anyway, but I probably
shouldn't name names.
>> OK.
What can you tell us about the
new next extraction vehicles?
>> Well, the fastest thing that
I have ever flown personally is
a high-speed cloaked vehicle,
which is designed to enter
into a planetary space
incredibly quickly,
land incredibly quickly, pick
up targets, high-value targets,
and then leave
incredibly quickly.
And they're narrow
cylinder-shaped so that they
hide in scanning technology.
A disc-shaped vehicle is easier
to spot with scanners and radar
and other advanced technology
than something that's
a tiny cylinder or a tube.
So they tend to be very narrow.
They tend to be smaller.
They tend to be longer.
So they tend to, again,
be very high-velocity,
high-impact so that you
can get in somewhere very,
very quickly.
>> How large are they?
How many occupants can
be in one of these?
>> Usually not more
than three or four.
So you have a
pilot, and then you
have room for sometimes
one to three passengers.
So if you need to pick
up more passengers,
you send more ships.
>> And what's the propulsion
units on these devices?
>> They're-- same
sort of EG drive,
MG magnetogravitic except
they're way more efficient
and they're way faster.
A lot of the ways that
they seem to be getting
these faster, more
maneuverable ships
is by making smaller
magnetogravitic propulsion
systems and putting more
of them around the vehicle
so that you have the
ability to maneuver
more quickly in different
directions and get--
what's the word I want to use?
Faster acceleration than
you do with a single unit.
So it's mostly using
more drive systems
that are smaller and spread
around the vehicle instead
of using, like, a central
drive or one at each corner
or the front of the back
or something, which has
been the older way of doing it.
So these newer vehicles
have 30 drive units on them,
30 little engines
that are probably
the size of a coffee can.
But there's more
of them and they're
positioned around the
vehicle so that they're
way more maneuverable.
>> Are they in their own
electromagnetic field so they
don't feel the gravitational
force of these high speeds?
>> Absolutely, yeah.
The inertial damper
of being contained
in the own gravitic field is how
you can do that as well, yeah.
>> Can we explain to
the audience, you know,
the speeds that we're
actually talking here?
Because I think
they need to know.
>> Yeah.
So there's in-atmosphere
speeds and there's
out-of-atmosphere speeds.
And so we're starting to
see hypersonic in-atmosphere
speeds.
So being able to achieve a
40,000 to 60,000 miles an hour
inside an atmosphere is about
what these vehicles can do now,
which is ridiculously
faster than what we could do
20 years ago in an atmosphere.
And then you're getting
speeds in open space
that are near 100,000
miles an hour.
>> Right.
Got it.
>> Yeah.
>> How are these craft
cloaking themselves?
What type of technology
are they using?
The latest thing
that I understand
is an energy field
which absorbs energy
instead of reflecting it.
So most of the scanners
work by sending out
a wave, hitting
something, and then
based on the absence
of reflective space
or where you're getting
something reflected back
is what tells you where it is.
If you have a field that is
essentially absorbing that,
it makes it look
like it's not there.
You're not seeing it on
the scope of the scanner.
So it's optically not
visible because it's
using an active camouflage
type of technology.
Which for people
who don't understand
that, I call it the predator
camouflage, you know?
>> The bending of
light around a device.
>> Yeah.
So that if it was sitting
right here in the room,
you wouldn't be able to
see it, but you'd see
that something was there, but--
>> A little distortion.
>> Yeah.
You would see that there was
a distortion in the space
and go, what is that?
There's something there.
But you still wouldn't
be able to see
what it was, what color it
was, what exactly shape it was,
or what material
it's made out of.
And when you're in open space
with something like that,
that's pretty much invisible.
>> Right.
Randy, are you still
active in the SSP?
>> I have active duty rank
and security clearance, yes.
>> And what was your
most recent mission,
if you can talk about it?
>> I'm not sure that I
should, but for the most part,
I have been in an independent
field commander status
for about the last 10 years.
So mostly my mission has been
doing public relations work
and teaching classes
at the moment.
But that's probably
going to change soon.
>> And why is that?
>> We're expecting a fairly
major disclosure event to be
occurring sometime soon, and
I'll probably be doing some
consulting.
>> And what do you think
about this new space force?
Like, where is it heading
since they came out?
We both know it's already
been there forever,
but it's funny they've
come public with it,
and now we have it, and
the civilians are now, wow.
You know, now we have
this additional military.
>> So I saw the
recruiting commercial,
and I have to say
that's good PR.
Whoever did that commercial,
that was good PR.
If I was 18 years
old, I'd be running
to join the space force.
>> It's "Starship
Troopers" all over again.
>> Yeah, I'd be like, let's go.
So it's good PR.
I think that they're going to
experience the same problems
that anyone trying
to start a new branch
is going to experience,
which is, how do you
create a new structure?
How do you create a
new officer corps?
Even if you're borrowing most
of these personnel from the Air
Force and other
departments, you're
still creating
something that has
to be unique in its own way, but
functional in its own way too.
So I think as
they're sorting out
what their actual
mission is, what they're
really responsible for,
what their priorities are,
it's going to be an
evolving process.
I think their major
purpose at this point
is as a public relations stunt.
And I want to be careful.
When I say stunt, I don't mean
that it's, like, a fake thing
or that it's just a joke.
I don't mean that.
It's just that their main
purpose at the moment
is to be a public relations
face of a changing military
and to get people focused on the
idea of instead of a military
that is completely focused
on terrestrial matters
underneath the
sky, on the ground,
that we now have
something very specific
that we're talking about that
is military action in space.
So that changes the way
people think about it.
That changes the way that
people can talk about it.
So in that sense, it's a big
PR move that will get people
into a mental space so that,
again, if we experience
something from
outside, we can pretend
like we're not being
completely caught off guard.
We can pretend like
we've got something
that's there to deal with that.
And we can have a further
public relations discussion
about what we have
in place, what's
happening with whatever
interaction with whatever
extraterrestrials that
we're having it with so
that because we can't have all
the conversations that we'd
like to have about what's
actually happening with all
of that interaction because of
covert military space program
activity, it gives you
a face to talk about.
It gives you a structure to
discuss and to name names,
point fingers, either
praise, clap, or lay blame
to where we don't necessarily
want the credit or the blame
going to a covert program.
We would rather have there be a
public face of a public program
that can be that object.
>> Do you believe, Randy, that
the current secret space force
will bleed into the current
civilian [LAUGHS] Space Force?
>> I think that there's going
to maintain some separation
for a little while.
I think mostly what we're going
to see is the trickle down.
We're going to see the
trickle down of technology,
information, and
personnel from the top
down into the new program.
But most of that
is not going to be
observable by the
civilian community.
Most of that's not going
to be observable by people
within space force.
Most of that's
going to be observed
by senior officers,
senior commanders,
and people who are going to
have to be sort of in the
know of some of those things.
But most everyone's going to--
they're just going to be able to
say, oh, look at this new thing
that we just developed.
And it doesn't matter whether
we've had it for three decades
or not.
It's going to be
brand new to them.
And as far as they're concerned,
it's going to be brand new.
>> Do you think the commanders
are going to be debriefed
on the SSP?
I mean, the new SP
commanders I'm talking about.
Do you think they're
actually going
to be debriefed by
any SSP commander,
or are they going to
keep it secret still?
>> My understanding is that
senior personnel are being
briefed, because they want them
to have a certain need to know
about what's happening
in the near future.
And they're going
to want there to be
some fluidity between the
information and technology
exchange so that those senior
officers are prepared for that,
they know who to talk to.
They know when they're
approached by someone to say,
oh, this is someone
from this other program.
I should pay attention
to what they're saying.
And you know, say,
yeah, I totally
want to implement that
technology into my program
and into my division.
And listen and
take to the advice
of more experienced officers
in space development
and space exploration.
>> Well, fantastic, Randy.
That's a wealth of information.
Well, thanks for
being on the show.
It's always a pleasure.
>> Always a pleasure to be here.
Thanks for having me.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]